# Cosmosis

**Note: this game is still pre-alpha. Expect a terrible experience.**

Explore a universe gone insane and unlock its deeper truths... or simply don't
bother and drown your sorrows at Bernie's Bar and Brothel while looking for new
bounty missions to fuel your drug addiction.

<!-- We aim to be the following; uncomment when achieved :) --
Cosmosis is an open world space game with RPG elements. It aims to have
hyper-realistic space ship mechanics (if a game with FTL and Lovecraftian Great
Ones can fall into such a category), and souls-like combat on planets. It also
has an FPS shooter class for those who do refuse to praise the sun
\[blasphemes].
-->
Cosmosis is an early concept for an open world space game, potentially with
planetary combat and procedural environments. The current priority is to create
a pvp space battle game with arenas next to beautifully rendered procedural
planets.

It hopes to one day emulate the Milky Way with acceptable precision. The real
issue here is not a technical one, but rather task priority (make it an
actually fun game before making it a galaxy sim). The engine already supports
flying thousands of light years to distant celestial bodies in an instant with
no loading screens.

## Why this game?

#### Excellent modding support
You can make a fully interactable space ship yourself **with zero programming
experience**. All you need is a copy of Blender 2.8 and to follow the guide on
mesh codes. Blender does not even need any add-ons for this to work.

If you are a coder, coded modding support is planned but currently low priority
due to the fact the game is still rapidly changing. Adding such support in
future is trivial, because the game is written in JavaScript.

#### Why we provide source code
There are two niches out there that get poor development: space sims, and
souls-likes. The developers of space sims seem incredibly out of touch with
what their fans want, and souls clones do things in ways that completely miss
the point of the original Souls Master's vision (in this author's subjective opinion, of
course). Reviews reflect this, littered with "I really liked GameX because of
feature x, but grew to hate it because of y and z."

The founder of this project will probably make the exact same mistakes. The
difference here is that Cosmosis is not a locked behind closed source corporate
red tape. You don't like what's been done, mod it out. Tweak it. Change it.
Make it yours and release your changes as a better fork, perhaps propose those
changes make their way back here. The point here is that control is in your
hands, not some developer who's stopped caring about you and the promises they
made during their Kickstarter.
